README.md, before:

RIG
===
An aesthetically unopinionated CSS Framework by Codeship

![Codeship BuildStatus](https://codeship.com/projects/a62fd230-b042-0132-a853-0e5ba92aabbb/status?branch=master)

## Requirements for running

If you want to give it a try and checkout everything this framework has to offcer you can let it run easily on your system with `gulp` and `browsersync`.
The `package.json` has you coverd with all you need regarding gulp. There are only 2 extra requriements.

As this Build uses `scsslint` for guaranteeing clean scss you have to install `ruby` and run `gem install scss-lint`.

When you have gulp installed globally you can kick off the thing typing `gulp` in your terminal and you are good to go. Browsersync and Notification Builds handle the rest.


## Building

If you want to build the `rig.css` file on your own with your preferences, you can do so easily as this version of rig now supports gulp.

For installing all the dependencies be sure to have the latest version of `npm` installed on your system. Then using the Terminal go to the root folder of this project and type:

```
$ npm install
```

Once everything is installed, go ahead and run gulp from the command line.

```
$ gulp
```

This will build all sass files and output all files in a folder named `dev` by default

## License

This project is released under the GPL v3 License. Meaning feel free to do with all the source code in here whatever you like and use it also for commercial products.

Commit message:

Update 02.06.2016 (#2)
* Corrects assets paths for css, js and images (using MAMP with localhost:8888/RIG)

* Corrects href path property for RIG logo anchor.

* Removes optional character (/) from input fields.

* Edit some typos and grammar in the documentation

* Reverses breaking changes.

* Reverse breaking changes.

* Changed title image

* Tries fixing newlines at the end of the file.

* Update assets.js

* Update assets.js

* Rig is now instantiable

Rig has now to be instantiated and all components can be called only if
needed.

* Some Clean up and introduction of version Number

* Release Files

* Set default options to true as its more convenient

* Updated Release File accordingly

* Added Get Started Guide

* Updated Readme

* fix typo

README.md, after:

RIG
===
![Codeship BuildStatus](https://codeship.com/projects/a62fd230-b042-0132-a853-0e5ba92aabbb/status?branch=master)

An aesthetically unopinionated CSS Framework by Codeship.

You can find documentation and examples over at [rigframework.com](http://rigframework.com/)

## QuickStart

RIG comes with 2 files that you should include in your website.

- A CSS File
- A JS File

You will find the latest release files in the `releases` folder. 
Once both files are correctly added to your website be sure to instantiate RIG correctly by calling:

```
var Rig = new Rig()
```

## Requirements for running locally

If you want to give it a try and checkout everything this framework has to offer locally, you can let it run easily on your system with `gulp` and `browsersync`.
The `package.json` has you covered with all you need regarding gulp. There are only 2 extra requirements.

As this Build uses `scsslint` for guaranteeing clean scss, you have to install `ruby` and run `gem install scss-lint`.

When you have gulp installed globally, you can kick off the thing by typing `gulp` in your terminal and you are good to go. Browsersync and Notification Builds handle the rest.


## Building

If you want to build the `rig.css` file on your own with your preferences, you can do so easily.

For installing all the dependencies, be sure to have the latest version of `npm` installed on your system. Then, using the Terminal, go to the root folder of this project and type:

```
$ npm install
```

Once everything is installed, go ahead and run gulp from the command line.

```
$ gulp
```

This will build all sass files and output all files in a folder named `dev` by default.

## License

This project is released under the GPL v3 License. Feel free to use the source code however you like, and feel free to use it for commercial products.
